ciuitas	burdigala
mutatio	stomatas	 leugae vii
mutatio	sirione	 leugae viiii
ciuitas	vasatas	 leugae viiii
mutatio	tres arbores	 leugae v
mutatio	oscineio	 leugae viii
mutatio	scittio	 leugae viii
ciuitates	elusa	 leugae viii
mutatio	vanesia	 leugae xii
ciuitas	auscius	 leugae viii
mutatio	ad-sextum	 leugae vi
mutatio	hungunuerro	 leugae vii
mutatio	bucconis	 leugae vii
mutatio	ad-iouem	 leugae vii
ciuitas	tholosa	 leugae vii
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-vicesimum	milia xi
mansio	elusione	milia viiii
mutatio	sostomago	milia viiii
uicus	hebromago	milia x
mutatio	cedros	milia vi
castellum carcassone	milia viii
mutatio	tricensimum	milia viii
mutatio	hosuerbas	milia xv
ciuitas	narbone	milia xv
ciuitas	beterris	milia xvi
mansio	cessarone	milia xii
mutatio	foro domiti	milia xviii
mutatio	sostantione	milia xv
mutatio	ambrosi	milia xv
ciuitas	nemauso	milia xv
mutatio	ponte aerarium	milia xii
ciuitas	arelate	milia viii
mutatio	arnagine	milia viii
mutatio	bellinto	milia x
ciuitas	auenione	milia v
mutatio	cypresseta	milia v
ciuitas	arausione	milia xv
mutatio	ad-letoce	milia xiii
mutatio	nouem craris	milia x
mansio	acuno	milia x
mutatio	bantianis	milia xii
mutatio	vmbenno	milia xii
ciuitas	valentia	milia viiii
mutatio	cerebelliaca	milia xii
mansio	augusta	milia x
mutatio	darentiaca	milia xii
ciuitas	dea vocontiorum	milia xvi
mansio	luco	milia xii
mutatio	vologatis	milia viiii
mutatio	cambono	milia viii
mansio	monte seleuci	milia viii
mutatio	dauiano	milia viii
mutatio	ad-finem	milia xii
mansio	vappinco	milia xi
mansio	catorigas	milia xii
mansio	ebreduno	milia xvi
mutatio	ramae	milia xvii
mansio	byrigante	milia xvii
mutatio	gesdaone	milia x
mansio	ad-marte	milia viiii
ciuitas	segussione	milia xvi
mutatio	ad-duodecimum	milia xii
mansio	ad-fines	milia xii
mutatio	ad-octauum	milia viii
ciuitas	taurinis	milia viii
mutatio	ad-decimum	milia x
mansio	quadratis	milia xii
mutatio	ceste	milia xi
mansio	rigomago	milia viii
mutatio	ad-medias	milia x
mutatio	ad-cottias	milia xiii
mansio	laumello	milia xii
mutatio	duriis	milia viii
ciuitas	ticino	milia xii
mutatio	ad-decimum	milia x
ciuitas	mediolanum	milia x
mansio	fluuio frigido	milia xii
mutatio	argentea	milia x
mutatio	ponte aureoli	milia x
ciuitas	bergamo	milia xiii
mutatio	tellegate	milia xii
mutatio	tetellus	milia x
ciuitas	brixa	milia x
mansio	ad-flexum	milia xi
mutatio	beneuentum	milia x
ciuitas	verona	milia x
mutatio	cadiano	milia x
mutatio	aureos	milia x
ciuitas	vincentia	milia xi
mutatio	ad-finem	milia xi
ciuitas	pataui	milia x
mutatio	ad-duodecimum	milia xii
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia xi
ciuitas	altino	milia viiii
mutatio	sanos	milia x
ciuitas	concordia	milia viiii
mutatio	apicilia	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-vndecimum	milia xi
ciuitas	aquileia	milia xi
mutatio	ad-vndecimum	milia xi
mutatio	ad-fornolus	milia xii
mutatio	castra	milia xii
mansio	longatico	milia x
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia viiii
ciuitas	emona	milia xiiii
mutatio	ad-quartodecimo	milia x
mansio	hadrante	milia xiii
mutatio	ad-medias	milia xiii
ciuitas	celeia	milia xiii
mutatio	lotodos	milia xii
mansio	ragindone	milia xii
mutatio	pultouia	milia xii
ciuitas	poetouione	milia xii
mutatio	ramista	milia viiii
mansio	aqua viua	milia viiii
mutatio	populis	milia x
ciuitas	iouia	milia viiii
mutatio	sunista	milia viiii
mutatio	peritur	milia xii
mansio	lentolis	milia xii
mutatio	cardono	milia x
mutatio	cocconis	milia xii
mansio	serota	milia x
mutatio	bolentia	milia x
mansio	maurianis	milia viiii
mutatio	serena	milia viii
mansio	vereis	milia x
mansio	vereis	milia x
mutatio	ioualia	milia viii
mutatio	mersella	milia viii
ciuitas	mursa	milia x
mutatio	leutuoano	milia xii
ciuitas	cibalis	milia xii
mutatio	caelena	milia xi
mansio	vlmo	milia xi
mutatio	spaneta	milia x
mutatio	vedulia	milia viii
ciuitas	sirmium	milia viii
mutatio	fossis	milia viiii
ciuitas	bassianis	milia x
mutatio	nouiciani	milia xii
mutatio	altina	milia xi
ciuitas	singiduno	milia viii
mutatio	ad-sextum	milia vi
mutatio	tricornia castra	milia vi
mutatio	ad-sextum	miliarem	milia vii
ciuitas	aureo monte	milia vi
mutatio	vingeio	milia vi
ciuitas	margo	milia viiii
ciuitas	viminacio	milia x
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia viiii
mansio	munecipio	milia viiii
mutatio	iouis pago	milia x
mutatio	bao	milia vii
mansio	idomo	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-octauum	milia viiii
mansio	oromago	milia viii
mutatio	sarmatorum	milia xii
mutatio	caminitas	milia xi
mansio	ipompeis	milia viiii
mutatio	rampiana	milia xii
ciuitas	naisso	milia xii
mutatio	redicibus	milia xii
mutatio	vlmo	milia vii
mansio	romansiana	milia viiii
mutatio	latina	milia viiii
mansio	turribus	milia viiii
mutatio	translitis	milia xii
mutatio	ballanstra	milia x
mansio	meldia	milia viiii
mutatio	scretisca	milia xii
ciuitas	serdica	milia xi
mutatio	extuomne	milia viii
mansio	buragara	milia viiii
mutatio	sparata	milia viii
mansio	hilica	milia x
mutatio	soneio	milia viiii
mutatio	ponte vcasi	milia vi
mansio	bona mansio	milia vi
mutatio	alusore	milia viiii
mansio	basapare	milia xii
mutatio	tugugero	milia viiii
ciuitas	filopopuli	milia xii
mutatio	sernota	milia x
mutatio	paramuole	milia viii
mansio	cillio	milia xii
mutatio	carassura	milia viiii
mansio	arzo	milia xi
mutatio	palae	milia vii
mansio	castozobra	milia xi
mutatio	rhamis	milia vii
mansio	burdista	milia xi
mutatio	daphabae	milia xi
mansio	nicae	milia viiii
mutatio	tarpodizo	milia x
mutatio	vrisio	milia vii
mansio	virgoles	milia vii
mutatio	narco	milia viii
mansio	drizupara	milia viiii
mutatio	tipso	milia viii
mansio	tunorullo	milia viii
mutatio	beodizo	milia viii
ciuitas	heraclea	milia viiii
mutatio	baunne	milia xii
mansio	salambria	milia x
mutatio	callum	milia x
mansio	atyra	milia x
mansio	regio	milia xii
ciuitas	constantinopoli	milia xii
mutatio	nassete	milia vii
mansio	pandicia	milia vii
mutatio	pontamus	milia xiii
mansio	libissa	milia viiii
mutatio	brunga	milia xii
ciuitas	nicomedia	milia viiii
mutatio	hyribolum	milia x
mansio	libum	milia xi
mutatio	liada	milia xii
ciuitas	nicia	milia viiii
mutatio	schinae	milia viii
mansio	mido	milia vii
mutatio	chogeae	milia vi
mutatio	thateso	milia x
mansio	tutaio	milia viiii
mutatio	protunica	milia xi
mutatio	artemis	milia xii
mansio	dablae	milia vi
mansio	ceratae	milia vi
mutatio	fines	milia x
mansio	dadastano	milia vi
mutatio	trans monte	milia vi
mutatio	milia	milia xi
ciuitas	iuliopolis	milia viii
mutatio	hicronpotamum	milia xiii
mansio	agannia	milia xi
mutatio	petrobrogen	milia vi
mansio	mnizos	milia x
mutatio	prasmon	milia xii
mansio	malogordis	milia viiii
mutatio	cenaxem palidem	milia xiii
ciuitas	anchira galatia	milia xiii
mutatio	delemna	milia x
mansio	curueunta	milia xi
mutatio	rosolodiaco	milia xii
mutatio	aliassum	milia xiii
ciuitas	aspona	milia xviii
mutatio	galea	milia xiii
mutatio	andrapa	milia viiii
mansio	parnasso	milia xiii
mansio	iogola	milia xvi
mansio	nitalis	milia xviii
mutatio	argustana	milia xiii
ciuitas	colonia	milia xv
mutatio	momoasson	milia xii
mansio	anathiango	milia xiii
mutatio	chusa	milia xii
mansio	sasima	milia xii
mansio	andauilis	milia xvi
ciuitas	thyana	milia xviii
ciuitas	faustinopoli	milia xii
mutatio	caena	milia xiii
mansio	opodando	milia xii
mutatio	pilas	milia xiiii
mansio	mansucrinae	milia xii
ciuitas	tarso	milia xii
mutatio	pargais	milia xiii
ciuitas	adana	milia xiiii
ciuitas	mansista	milia xviii
mutatio	tardequeia	milia xv
mansio	catauolo	milia xvi
mansio	baiae	milia xvii
mansio	alexandria scabiosa	milia xvi
mutatio	pictanus	milia viiii
mansio	pagrios	milia viii
ciuitas	antiochia	milia xvi
ad palatium dafne	milia v
mutatio	hysdata	milia xi
mansio	platanus	milia viii
mutatio	baccaias	milia viii
mansio	catelas	milia xvi
ciuitas	ladica	milia xvi
ciuitas	gabala	milia xiiii
ciuitas	balaneas	milia xiii
mutatio	maraccas	milia x
mansio	antaradus	milia xvi
mutatio	spiclin	milia xii
mutatio	basiliscum	milia xii
mansio	arcas	milia viii
mutatio	bruttus	milia iiii
ciuitas	tripoli	milia xii
mutatio	triclis	milia xii
mutatio	bruttos alia	milia xii
mutatio	alcobile	milia xii
mutatio	heldua	milia xii
ciuitas	birito	milia xii
mutatio	parphirion	milia viii
ciuitas	sidona	milia viii
inde sarepta	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia iiii
ciuitas	tyro	milia xii
mutatio	alexandroschene	milia xii
mutatio	ecdeppa	milia xii
ciuitas	ptolomaida	milia viii
mutatio	calamon	milia xii
mansio	sicaminos	milia iii
mutatio	certha	milia viii
ciuitas	caesarea palestina	milia viii
ciuitas	maximianopoli	milia xviii
ciuitas	isdradela	milia x
ciuitas	scithopoli	milia xii
ciutas aser	milia xvi
ciuitas	Neapoli	milia xv
Inde hierusalem	milia xii
ciuitas	nicopoli	milia xxii
ciuitas	lidda	milia x
mutatio	antipatrida	milia x
mutatio	betthar	milia x
ciuitas	caesarea	milia xvi
mutatio	aerea	milia xvi
mansio	registo	milia xii
mutatio	bedizo	milia xii
ciuitas	apris	milia xii
mutatio	zesutera	milia xii
mansio	sirogellis	milia x
mutatio	drippa	milia xiiii
mansio	gipsila	milia xii
mutatio	demas	milia xii
ciuitas	traianopoli	milia xiii
mutatio	ad-vnimpara	milia viii
mutatio	salei	milia vii
mutatio	melalico	milia viii
mansio	berozicha	milia xv
mutatio	breierophara	milia x
ciuitas	maximianopoli	milia x
mutatio	ad-stabulodio	milia xii
mutatio	rumbodona	milia x
ciuitas	epyrum	milia x
mutatio	purdis	milia viii
mansio	hercontroma	milia viiii
mutatio	neapolim	milia viiii
ciuitas	philippis	milia x
mutatio	ad-duodecimum	milia xii
mutatio	domeros	milia vii
ciuitas	amphipholim	milia xiii
mutatio	pennana	milia x
mutatio	peripidis	milia x
mansio	appollonia	milia xi
mutatio	heracleustibus	milia xi
mutatio	duo dea	milia xiiii
ciuitas	thessalonica	milia xiii
mutatio	ad-decimum	milia x
mutatio	gephira	milia x
ciuitas	polli	milia x
mutatio	scurio	milia xv
ciuitas	edissa	milia xv
mutatio	ad-duodecimum	milia xii
mansio	cellis	milia xvi
mutatio	grande	milia xiiii
mutatio	melitonus	milia xiiii
ciuitas	heraclea	milia xiii
mutatio	parambole	milia xii
mutatio	brucida	milia xviiii
ciuitas	cledo	milia xiii
mutatio	patras	milia xii
mansio	claudanon	milia iiii
mutatio	tabernas	milia viiii
mansio	grandauia	milia viiii
mutatio	treiecto	milia viiii
mansio	hiscampis	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-quintum	milia vi
mansio	coladiana	milia xv
mansio	marusio	milia xiii
mansio	absos	milia xiiii
mutatio	stefanaphana	milia xii
ciuitas	appollonia	milia xviii
mutatio	stefana	milia xii
mansio	aulona treiectum	milia xii
mutatio	ad-duodecimum	milia xiii
mansio	clipeas	milia xii
mutatio	valentia	milia xiii
ciuitas	brindisi	milia xi
mansio	spilenaees	milia xiiii
mutatio	ad-decimum	milia xi
ciuitas	leonatiae	milia x
mutatio	turres aurilianas	milia xv
mutatio	turres iuliana	milia viiii
ciuitas	beroes	milia xi
mutatio	butontones	milia xi
ciuitas	rubos	milia xi
mutatio	ad-quintumdecimum	milia xv
ciuitas	canusio	milia xv
mutatio	vndecimum	milia xi
ciuitas	serdonis	milia xv
ciuitas	aecas	milia xviii
mutatio	aquilonis	milia x
mansio	equum magnum	milia viii
mutatio	forno nouo	milia xii
ciuitas	beneuento	milia x
ciuitas	claudiis	milia xii
mutatio	nouas	milia viiii
ciuitas	capua	milia xii
mutatio	ad-octauum	milia viii
mutatio	ponte campano	milia viiii
ciuitas	sonuessa	milia viiii
ciuitas	menturnas	milia viiii
ciuitas	formis	milia viiii
ciuitas	fundis	milia xii
ciuitas	tarracina	milia xiii
mutatio	ad-medias	milia x
mutatio	appi foro	milia viiii
mutatio	sponsas	milia vii
ciuitas	aricia et albona	milia xiiii
mutatio	ad-nono	milia vii
in urbe roma	milia viiii
mutatio	rubras	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-vicensimum	milia xi
mutatio	aqua viua	milia xii
ciuitas	vcriculo	milia xii
ciuitas	narniae	milia xii
ciuitas	interamna	milia viiii
mutatio	tribus tabernis	milia iii
mutatio	fani fugitiui	milia x
ciuitas	spolitio	milia vii
mutatio	sacraria	milia viii
ciuitas	treuis	milia iiii
ciuitas	fulginis	milia v
ciuitas	foro flamini	milia iii
ciuitas	noceria	milia xii
ciuitas	ptanias	milia viii
mansio	herbelloni	milia vii
mutatio	ad-hesis	milia x
mutatio	ad-cale	milia xiiii
mutatio	intercisa	milia viiii
ciuitas	foro semproni	milia viiii
mutatio	ad-octauo	milia viiii
ciuitas	fano furtunae	milia viii
ciuitas	pisauro <milia viii
ciuitas	ariminum>	milia xxiiii
mutatio	conpetu	milia xii
ciuitas	cesena	milia vi
ciuitas	foro populi	milia vi
ciuitas	foro liui	milia vi
ciuitas	fauentia	milia v
ciuitas	foro corneli	milia x
ciuitas	claterno	milia xiii
ciuitas	bononia	milia x
mutatio	ad-medias	milia xv
mutatio	victoriolas	milia x
ciuitas	mutena	milia iii
mutatio	ponte secies	milia v
ciuitas	regio	milia viii
mutatio	canneto	milia x
ciuitas	parme	milia viii
mutatio	ad-tarum	milia vii
mansio	fidentiae	milia viii
mutatio	ad-fonteclos	milia viii
ciuitas	placentia	milia xiii
mutatio	ad-rota	milia xi
mutatio	tribus tabernis	milia v
ciuitas	laude	milia viii
mutatio	ad-nonum	milia vii
ciuitas	mediolanum	milia vii
